So let's start with a one on one show IP interface brief.
We can see the IP address configured on gigabit is zero slashes zero slash zero as well as gigabit to
zero slashes zero slash 1 and the link back the IP addresses look correct per the diagram and the interfaces
are up up.
So that's good.
We could test to connectivity to prove that things are working second rate of one paying rodder to yes
it can Kennet paying Rondeau three yes it can.
So we have connectivity from router 1 to routed to and router 3 BGP relies on TZP which relies on Layer
2.
In this case Ethernet Connections we've got to make sure that layer 1 2 3 and 4 are working properly
they are no access lists configured in this network.
So we won't worry about that.
But we've proven that IP connectivity works so let's configure BGP autonomous system number sixty five
thousand one we can to specify neighbor and the first neighbor which is rodded two in autonomy system
number sixty five thousand two.
And then we need to configure our second neighbor which is ratus three in a tunnel system number sixty
five thousand three
now advertise the leap back into BGP.
And while we here advertise the gigabit 000 interface and gigabit 0 0 1
I made a mistake on that previous c'mon.
Let me remove that the network mask has to be configured exactly.
So let's confirm what I've done show run that that's the configuration BGP is configured in.
Autonomous system 65000 one that looks good neighbor 8 8 8 2 2 autonomous system number 65000 to neighbor
troll 0 0 2 ton system number sixty five thousand three.
That looks good.
That's the loop back.
This is the thing to face.
And this is the interface to confirm that things are configured right.
We can use the IP BGP and that should tell us if our networks are advertised properly at the moment
we see network 12 and network 1 but we don't see network 8.
So let's confirm that it's done right.
That's the IP address on the gigabit interface.
And that does look right.
So this may be a packet tracer issue show IP Rotch to confirm that.
Notice this network is directly connected on gigabit 0 0 0.
So that should be advertised into BGP.
Again this may be a packet trace a problem no rats are currently showing.
So what I'll do is all configure Rodda to and router free and hopefully packet tracer will sort itself
out.
So the only issue using simulators you may have funny behavior.
So in order to show IP interface brief IP address he looks at IP addresses on these interfaces look
correct and we've got to loop back interface.
So what I'll do is just configure the link to write a one on both Rodek to and Roger 3 and see if we
can get to that relationship coming up.
Serrata BGP 65000 to neber 8 8 2 8 to 1 remote autonomy system 65000 1 BGP relationship has come up.
So that's a good on a one we can see the neighbor relationship come up.
Should I be BGP and now the rats are showing in the writing table.
So I was just a bit impatient with packet tracer.
Again this is a simulation so you can have problems.
I'll advertise the loop back and I'll advertise 8 8 8 2 0.
And while I'm here advertise these two networks so Network 8 8 4 0
network 8 8 7 0.
So there we go.
Show IP BGP we can see a bunch of rats in the writing table.
Let's have a look at raht of one show IP BGP Rotto displaying and we can ping the loop back of rockety.
So what I'll do now is configure rodder three so on router 3 router BGP 65000 and three.
That's our autonomous system number neighbor 12 0 0 1 remote autonomy system sixty five thousand and
one neighbor relationship has come up.
Network 12 0 0 0 mosque 24 mosque network advertise the loopback
network and we need to advertise this network 12 1 1 0 so Network 12 1 1 0 a mosque and all uses Flash
24 mosque
so show PBG this network is showing the network is showing it's being advertised by the local Rodda.
This network has shown advertised by the local Rodda so on Grado one 10 we paying the loop back of Rotto
3.
Yes we can show PBG we need the shows us that we have a neighbor relationship that's established 2 8
8 8 to 2 and we have a neighbor relationship to 12 0 0 2 that's established so both neighbor relationships
on the site are established so that it looks good.
So now let's configure customer to
and get it to talk to both use piece.